Update 14 (#276)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/randomCategoryID.md

# $randomCategoryID

> Returns random category id from the current server or the provided server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a random category id from the current server or from the provided server.
```

## Syntax
```
$randomCategoryID[(guild ID)]
```
### Parameters

> - `guild ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The server to get a random catgeory ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `guild ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The server from which to get a random category ID. _(Defaults to the current server)_
```

> > Use `$randomCategoryID[]` to get the current guild id.

Reviewer: ????
